Well we have another great song by kachu or
kechu kechu kachu like you guys tell me
Why did you always laugh at me for the
pronunciation I mean you don't know me anymore in
the previous video everyone
correcting you oh maybe it will be another time it will be
look how I always start asking
the Editors that I have when I'm
reviewing not the annotations and the script
and so on about eh if I have any
complications How to pronounce the names
but I thought it wasn't going to be that
complicated I promise it won't
happen again well I don't promise anything The truth is
that this time Well we're going to talk
about katu which in the first
videos I called katu katu and it sounded something like
ketu not like Ketchup
one of these little packets that they
give you at McDonald's or well now you have to
demand it because I'm not
cheap either And the thing is that kasu just released
another song dedicated to nodal to see on this
channel I want to make it very clear for the
people who are entering the video just in
case you don't know me hey  I'm Javi
Oliveira welcome one more day to my
channel if you didn't know me subscribe because
here you find out all the gossip every
day on this channel there is chanea casu or
rather I think that Nodal has behaved like
a real pig with her but I'll
also tell you one thing casu you've been going on for
10 months 10 months I don't think I've
calculated correct me if I'm wrong okay
but it sounds like it sounds like 10 months 10
months a year approximately giving
gossip and controversy over the breakup we've
had three songs already casu or rather
three songs from the same album I think that
uh I think that it's already bordering on the
very thin line of becoming
Shakira I understand that I'm probably
a bit like in the previous video and
Selena Gomez's fans came to tell me
that I'm not at all informed on the
subject thank you thank you
very much I appreciate that you have visited the
video although I don't know if I appreciate it so much
that you touch my balls after
so many hours recording scripted and  me and
my whole team is worth it, I mean because you already
know that I don't work alone. In fact,
neither do I. I consider this to be a
job, surely now is when
Ángel Aguilar's fans come to
tell me that I'm not informed About anything
but let me review a little bit of the controversy
surrounding the last song that kasu has released
And by the way, here you have a photo
that I took with kasu before I knew
who he was, I mean literally, uh, he was
being the goose, he wasn't being there at
the door of the hotel at the Latin gramis
in Seville, the one with the happy guy over there in
Latin America, surely you don't know
Who the happy guy is, the happy guy
He's a man who, for some reason that I
don't know, spends his days
making appearances behind
celebrities, I mean, uh, There's a
red carpet or a train station or an
airport, not where the paparazzi are,
chasing a famous person. Well,
the happy guy is behind him, still,
uh, basically appearing, which I love
because on some occasions that I've
coincided with him in place when we've been
doing irl, we're
interviewing celebrities or  covering
any event I have met the
happy little guy and he would talk to me about what he
did as if it were truly a
profession little guy Tell people to like it
Hey I remember he mentioned
something like Ugh I'm exhausted Javi
today I have made three appearances as if it
were as if it were How good The Movida
Oh by the way By the way By the way By the way
Nodal is seen to be very
aware of Kasu too in fact we are going
to see several times in this video how
Nodal makes reference to
Kasu's moves even I would say that he is
trying well from watching his
interviews so much no I am not going to say that he
is copying it okay he has picked up
some expression but it is probably a
coincidence let's not listen to this my
people let's watch this listen
listen carefully bu the professional part I
am very much my own in that sense I am very much my own I am very much my own it is
difficult to control
Cristian doesn't keep the time he copies Cazu
the similarities that have caught his
attention the truth is that this cannot
happen to just anyone I also
consider myself to be very much my own and above all
I am very much my own because I have no friends my
family does not
like me for some reason  strange Well I'm
very yours because I'm here all
day locked in a room with figurines and
well anyone would say In fact there are
people criticizing Nodal because they say that he
has copied from Kasu that he has copied
from Kasu for those statements in that
interview in fact Nodal has been not
copying but rather drawing too much inspiration
from some stars in the last
hours
[Music]
And now who can defend us
no El Chapulín Colorado they didn't count on
my cunning but be careful because I also
don't think that we should discredit
Nodal as an artist or rather something that
seems like filth to us that they are when it comes to the
issues of his personal life but I think
that we should separate the artist from the
profession in this case one thing is to
cancel someone who has done something
hyper mega terrible unforgivable but what
Nodal did is not something like let's see it's
ugly obviously he has very
questionable things but they are not up to the task of
not wanting to know anything not
even about his work remember for
example that a few months ago we were
commenting that Paris
Jackson herself was Affirms That is to say the daughter of the
king  of pop care Michael Jackson
was precisely commenting that his
favorite Spanish singer was Nodal
in fact apart from that controversy
Nodal is also being accused lately of
copying the Rock group Enjambre because they
claim that the lyrics and the rhythm of the
song friend that came out in the last few
hours is very similar to Life in the
Mirror by that group I personally am
a Lego in music too you already
know no but I think it doesn't
seem like me I don't know what you guys think So
I would leave behind the subject of singers
music and things like that and rather we
come here to talk about gossip to
analyze musical themes Well there are
other YouTube channels that do it
very well and here we talk about gossip casu
third song On the same album
dedicated to Nodal it is true that on
this occasion I am not going to do like a
step by step analysis of the song like
we did with the previous song Dolce which
by the way has 41 million views
the cave 31 million views Dolce already has
and this one in two days at the moment in which
I am recording This video
has more than 12 million I don't know  for
When I upload this video in a while
How many will it have but come on I think this is
interesting I mean she's breaking a lot
of records I mean she's breaking a
lot of achievements in fact I think she
's breaking almost all the records
for an Argentine singer many more
than even María Becerra had broken
and I sincerely believe that the head
of trap since she stopped making
trap and is doing these things has
dedicated herself to singing the numbers are
working much better for her also
personal opinion the salsa factor the
history factor no And this controversy that there is here well it's
also been going on for a long time this I think is
more than evident with another one that is what is
called this song is inspired by the
2000s we can see references like
this radio cassette or like this this had
a name I don't know if it was called what was
this called [ __ ] put it in the
comments box okay it's an
mp3 music player but they
called it somehow I don't remember
what we called it Let's see we didn't
call it yes we called it the MP3 the
MP3 we called it yes from the time I mean how
nice  Eh I love the buses
of that time the typical Nokia well the
clothes too No in fact she goes to a
Karina concert who was an
Argentine singer of that time also not very
popular there what happens happens is that yes it
is true that although I can't
find the reference in the video clip that has to do
with her story with Nodal I don't know I
imagine that it must have some meaning yes
the lyrics eh It tells you everything I mean the
lyrics do have to do with it Well I think more than
for Nodal This song is for
Ángel Aguilar okay the one who owes nothing nothing
fears stolen it goes away What came stolen your
dad and mom should have taught you you go
crazy when he talks to me he
misses me and I don't even look at him girl I have no
intentions of taking it away stolen it goes away What came
stolen your dad and mom
should have
taught you you burn it when he talks
to me he misses me and I don't even
look at him girl I have no intentions of
taking it away from you about this verse little more to
add I mean little to explain it's
not that it's very complicated to
understand what he's saying to
Ángela in  this stanza at the end a guy
that you've known unfaithful the guy with his
wife well with his wife no that's
something else that I always get confused about okay
apart from the pronunciations
I always think that Angela no I always
think that kasu and nodal were
married it's not like there were rumors or
that they were about to but in reality
no in reality they never got married
in fact Cristian married Angela
very quickly but well not unfaithful I mean a
guy that you have known who was
cheating on the mother of his child is like that and he
was covering up the relationship with you
meaning he could have stayed with you or
not died with his wife no then it
's quite likely that they will do it to you
too I hope not but look at the
next stanza I don't wish you bad
but he's going to cheat on you with another it will be
with another and you'll remember how you
laughed the day that I was in your place and I
don't doubt it I assure you I don't wish you
bad but he's going to cheat on you with another it will be
with another and you
'll remember how you laughed the day
that I was in your
place and no I don't
doubt it  I
assure you that Catu's song dethroned
the premiere of Nodal's latest song in Mexico,
which quickly lost its top spot in
the trends the moment
her ex released this video clip. And as I can
tell you, it seems to me that the gossip factor
undoubtedly, indisputably, had something to do with it.
We had Belinda,
also Nodal's ex, congratulating Casu
on Instagram. I don't know what you
think of this and it really does to me. Notice
that they had their. Let's
see, they haven't had a friendship as such,
in fact, on one
occasion, she even spoke about her
admiration for Belinda as a professional.
Los Ángeles Azules and Horacio Palencia
made a vow with Belinda and
now the
comparisons begin. I don't know
if many of those things were done
with a lot of malice. She is an
incredible artist, she has a much
longer and much bigger career than mine,
really, and the truth is that I grew up
listening to her music, I have a lot of
respect for her, I love the song that she has
with Los Ángeles Azules and much of her
discography. So people can
think and say many things, but I
really value her.  art and nothing I have
a lot of respect for her but personally I
think these little things about
exes talking to each other,
undeniably the song Kasu
is about what it is about, she has the right to
do so, she has the right in fact,
artists use music and
composition to express their
feelings that's why those pieces
of subject come out No, those songs are like that because
they are taken from within now well
put between two exes to make this
comment these comments, I mean
Belinda knows that people are going to capture
the comment and that they are going to share it and
that they are going to say look Belinda supporting
this I mean it's not random it is done with
knowledge of what it is going to provoke when I
write it no and to me these situations
seem somewhat pathetic, I mean of
all the es and all the chias with
which d has had some kind of
roll that is that it reminds me of when I
was 14 or 15 years old that when I was
with a girlfriend that girlfriend in the end she got
together with my girlfriend and they walked around
the neighborhood together so that I would say
Oh my god they are both friends pathetic
very pathetic it is said that  Belinda might
be mad at Angel Aguilar because
a couple of weeks ago during the
awards los nuestros Angel Aguilar ran out
of the way when he saw that
Belinda appeared on stage and was
preparing to perform I don't know why he
did this Angela the truth is I don't know if he
did it to avoid an
awkward situation a confrontation
[Music] let's
see I understand that Belinda is
her husband's ex and they are in the bad relationship they
are in so she preferred to avoid it
things also make sense no nodal has
responded regarding this issue of casu
no and the innuendos and so on because it's
also true that kasu's fans and
the people who are in his favor have flooded
the comments box of
nodal's Instagram posts
promoting his song saying things
like no sir nodal Right now we are with
you are going to deceive me what is it What is the name of the
song casu no And nodal responds I
am with ya superame And that does not
stop me from enjoying El amigo que el
amigo is nodal's song no I mean
basically he has given it the title ya
superame  to an imaginary song that
could be Nodal's next one is what I'm
telling you, I mean finally eh I think it's
okay to express yourself with music but I think you have to express it and once you've expressed it That's it, there's no need to do it as a reminder like vaccines no and it's like it's already three songs no I mean it's on its way to Shakira at the moment at the moment that I'm
recording This video casu has not
responded to this comment of already super
Amen already let go of my arm no that
Nodal has put on it but he has recorded a
tiktok with Juaki which is also an
indirect don't you
want to
remember how you laughed the day I
was in your place and Juaki who is
his friend has done these
mental gymnastics to try to justify that the
subject of Casu is not paran Noal or rather
saying this song Casu He composed it
for his album that he has been working on for more than a year, that
is, as if implying
that he is on the verge of the breakup and that
coincidentally coincides and fits
perfectly with what has happened to him
with Ángela Mira in fact he composed it Even
being in  couple because it was the concept
of his album the same as Dolce
I'm sorry for coincidences such
coincidences do not exist juaqui I understand
perfectly that you want to help your
friend so that she doesn't get the image of
let go of my arm ma'am but
we are not stupid either the kuk thing that Cristian
Nodal is going to be unfaithful I assure you is it
a premonition or is it a statistic the
reality is that yes people who are
unfaithful seem to follow a pattern if
you want out of attachment out of insecurity out of
Constantly searching for this reaffirmation
this novelty there is so much insecurity in
some people that to
test themselves they have these
behaviors What are they resorting to this
constant motivation the search for
novelty the great insecurity another thing
that I think is very important there is a
genetic factor Yes look there is something
called dopamine d4 and there is also a
variant of the ges that is a b p r i a and it is
that Gene that makes some people have
a greater a greater propensity to be
unfaithful however in no way
can this be a justification or should it be
clear all the people who have that Gene are going to
be unfaithful  no the investigation is
ongoing what is a reality is that
genetics is not deterministic seven Soul
oats that Shakira has in
Mexico City is that not even or rather get
ready get ready nodal because it is not
even necessary for her to continue
dedicating songs to you or rather look at what they
did these days in one of those seven
sout in Mexico City Shakira's fans
in March
2025 March
2025 the true fan All here okay
ready we are all organizing ourselves so
that after the wolves we all
start wait [ __ ] your mother piqu [ __ ]
your mother piqu it is part of our
healing process to gather the anger
that we bring from 2022 and from the street to
aar cha your mother chaquira that I said it
not F she told me you didn't hold your hands
sister I told myself I'll do it
Okay keep going your mother keep going
[Music]
mother [ __ ] your mother Piqué What I don't
understand is not why Shakira releases
so many songs about Piqué but that  no one
thinks about the children that the children
continue to be pique too eh I mean
I don't know if the children really like that
their mother's fans are shouting
[ __ ] your mother Piqué that's good He comes a
little incited by his themes not because of that I
tell you that kasu here on this channel
Although they are and we are with you
in this controversy be careful because there comes a
time when that line is
crossed And the thing is that there are truly
times when
people's own followers are very obsessive
and they take the topics more personally
than the protagonists themselves
[Music]
however while
all this is happening
they are criticizing because in a scene
from the video clip they are taking as
indirect in some way that phrase from
Nodal that I just showed you in which he
talks about losing Loves because of
past mistakes and because of a Hot scene that is seen
behind the curtains in which
people intuit that it could be him and Ángela
Nodal and they are calling her a [ __ ] they
are calling her everything because it seems that
well there is a juicy nipple bite
not a bite of  naughty nipple
sa
those Loc and eh Well I think they've
done this scene obviously to
generate comments no And to generate
controversy but people are
going crazy Calling Ángel
Aguilar a [ __ ] and it's like eye is her husband is her
husband calm down a little by the way it is
speculated that the couple could be
going through a little crisis or not
for the best moment it was seen as a
moment of tension after leaving
a concert in which Cristian tried to
kiss her and she passed by his face
you have your enemy sleeping in your bed and
very distracted you are taking care of the
wrong one do not
wish you Although it was surely any
nonsense in fact they continue uploading videos
to tiktok together and in fact they work
quite well they have millions and millions
of views on each video they upload
legend when I
take it in shame I don't
know how to talk about G So I think not
that the couple is fine and watch out for the
last thing that we are going to comment on in this
video because in Javier serani's program
a girl has come out accusing
casu of having been Ángela nodal but
does a  decade Oh, very nice the topic of
kazu but it reminds me of 2014 when she
sent me messages telling me how
wonderful she had been on the hill
with my husband and I crying in the
maternity ward 8 months pregnant with my
daughter nadir memory Thank you for the
trust and thank you for coming out eh by
phone I know that you're a little
afraid you're obviously bringing
something very strong to light eh What happened this I
was pregnant with my second daughter and
I found out that he was with Juli
Her name is Juli she knows that I
'm not lying I have suffered a lot
because once I ended up hospitalized
because I didn't want to eat because he
cheated on me with her and on top of that I have been
humiliated because I have sent
her messages where she admits to me that she had been
all night on Cerro
San Javier with him the two of them were just gentlemen
who knew each other this photo is not
fake this is real it was just
sent by nad watch out because to me there
are sometimes that
Javier ciani's program you know what well, things come out
a little cuc but I find this
believable  I find this believable, let's
see the photo, it could be from any fan, I'm
also telling you but the thing is that Nodal has
a pattern, no Nodal has a way of
being that seems to be that still
Well maybe tomorrow when he matures more he will
change it but for now it is how it
is, it seems to fit and in fact that is why he
warns Ángel Aguilar of what
could happen to him in the future Okay
then curious curious curious
I would not call her a hypocrite either, eh, I mean, I would not
blame her for something that happened 10
years ago in fact surely if
what they are saying here is true, then she would
be at that moment 10 years ago
being much younger, blinded by
Nodal, conceited, any of that And
surely today she regrets having
done or having behaved
like that with another person, no, but be careful
because that can give a lot of
substance to this story Eh So we
will be on the lookout in fact if you want us to
continue covering this topic, don't
forget to like the video, subscribe
and all those things and well, as always,
we have been covering
this topic for a while, no  Ángel Aguilar Nodal and
others So we will be watching
family I send you a huge kiss don't
forget that we have a little live show
today we have several live shows today on the
three channels in fact so stay
tuned to the Channel Thank you very much for
the support you are giving to all the
videos lately and bye
[Music]